the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/base.py:155: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "list"  [type-arg]
        def create_table(headers: list, rows: list, table_id: str = "") ->...
                                  ^
the_alchemiser/backtest/strategies/__init__.py:188: error: Need type annotation
for "combined_signals" (hint: "combined_signals: dict[<type>, <type>] = ...") 
[var-annotated]
            combined_signals = {}
            ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/signals.py:122: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            strategy_signals: dict[Any, Any], strategy_summary: dict
                                                                ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/portfolio.py:16: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def build_positions_table(open_positions: list[dict]) -> str:
                                                       ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/portfolio.py:30: error: Incompatible
types in assignment (expression has type "float", variable has type "int") 
[assignment]
                total_unrealized_pl += unrealized_pl
                ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/portfolio.py:80: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def build_account_summary(account_info: dict) -> str:
                                                ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/portfolio.py:166: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def build_closed_positions_pnl(account_info: dict) -> str:
                                                     ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/portfolio.py:247: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ... def build_positions_table_neutral(open_positions: list[dict]) -> str:
                                                               ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/portfolio.py:288: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def build_account_summary_neutral(account_info: dict) -> str:
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/performance.py:14: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def build_trading_activity(orders: list[dict] | None = None) -> st...
                                                ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/performance.py:110: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def build_trading_summary(trading_summary: dict) -> str:
                                                   ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/performance.py:161: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def build_strategy_performance(strategy_summary: dict) -> str:
                                                         ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/performance.py:219: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ... def build_trading_activity_neutral(orders: list[dict] | None = None) ...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/utils/symbol_lookback_calculator.py:296: error: Need type
annotation for "lookback_groups" (hint:
"lookback_groups: dict[<type>, <type>] = ...")  [var-annotated]
            lookback_groups = {}
            ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/utils/smart_pricing_handler.py:51: error: Returning Any from
function declared to return "float | None"  [no-any-return]
                return round(price, 2)
                ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/utils/smart_pricing_handler.py:92: error: Returning Any from
function declared to return "float | None"  [no-any-return]
                return round(price, 2)
                ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/utils/position_manager.py:153: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "list"  [type-arg]
        def get_pending_orders(self) -> list:
                                        ^
the_alchemiser/utils/math_utils.py:115: error: Returning Any from function
declared to return "float"  [no-any-return]
                    return ((current_ma - prev_ma) / prev_ma) * 100
                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/utils/math_utils.py:214: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "list"  [type-arg]
    ...ef calculate_ensemble_score(performance_metrics: list, weights: list |...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/utils/dashboard_utils.py:46: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    def extract_portfolio_metrics(account_info: dict) -> dict[str, float]:
                                                ^
the_alchemiser/utils/dashboard_utils.py:80: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "list"  [type-arg]
    def extract_positions_data(open_positions: list) -> list[dict[str, Any...
                                               ^
the_alchemiser/utils/dashboard_utils.py:114: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        strategy_signals: dict, strategy_allocations: dict
                          ^
the_alchemiser/utils/dashboard_utils.py:143: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        orders_executed: list[dict], limit: int = 10
                              ^
the_alchemiser/utils/account_utils.py:55: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    def extract_basic_account_metrics(account_info: dict) -> dict[str, flo...
                                                    ^
the_alchemiser/utils/account_utils.py:74: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        target_portfolio: dict[str, float], account_info: dict
                                                          ^
the_alchemiser/utils/account_utils.py:90: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ...tract_current_position_values(current_positions: dict) -> dict[str, fl...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/core/utils/s3_utils.py:31: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "tuple"  [type-arg]
        def parse_s3_uri(self, s3_uri: str) -> tuple:
                                               ^
the_alchemiser/core/utils/s3_utils.py:67: error: Returning Any from function
declared to return "str | None"  [no-any-return]
                return content
                ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/utils/s3_utils.py:96: error: Returning Any from function
declared to return "dict[str, Any] | None"  [no-any-return]
                return json.loads(content)
                ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/trading_report.py:19: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            account_before: dict,
                            ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/trading_report.py:20: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            account_after: dict,
                           ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/trading_report.py:21: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            positions: dict,
                       ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/trading_report.py:22: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            orders: list[dict] | None = None,
                         ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/trading_report.py:24: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            portfolio_history: dict | None = None,
                               ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/trading_report.py:25: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            open_positions: list[dict] | None = None,
                                 ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/trading_report.py:95: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            account_before: dict,
                            ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/trading_report.py:96: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            account_after: dict,
                           ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/trading_report.py:97: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            positions: dict,
                       ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/trading_report.py:98: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            orders: list[dict] | None = None,
                         ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/trading_report.py:100: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            portfolio_history: dict | None = None,
                               ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/trading_report.py:101: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            open_positions: list[dict] | None = None,
                                 ^
the_alchemiser/execution/account_service.py:10: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "list"  [type-arg]
        def get_positions(self) -> list | Any:
                                   ^
the_alchemiser/execution/account_service.py:33: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def get_account_info(self) -> dict:
                                      ^
the_alchemiser/execution/account_service.py:41: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def get_positions_dict(self) -> dict[str, dict]:
                                                  ^
the_alchemiser/execution/account_service.py:49: error: Need type annotation for
"position_dict" (hint: "position_dict: dict[<type>, <type>] = ...") 
[var-annotated]
            position_dict = {}
            ^~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/__init__.py:67: error: Returning Any
from function declared to return "str"  [no-any-return]
        return EmailTemplates.build_trading_report(*args, **kwargs)
        ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/__init__.py:72: error: Returning Any
from function declared to return "str"  [no-any-return]
        return EmailTemplates.build_multi_strategy_report(*args, **kwargs)
        ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/templates/__init__.py:77: error: Returning Any
from function declared to return "str"  [no-any-return]
        return EmailTemplates.build_error_report(*args, **kwargs)
        ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/logging/logging_utils.py:10: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "LoggerAdapter"  [type-arg]
    class AlchemiserLoggerAdapter(logging.LoggerAdapter):
                                  ^
the_alchemiser/core/logging/logging_utils.py:106: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "Formatter", variable has type
"StructuredFormatter")  [assignment]
            formatter = logging.Formatter(log_format)
                        ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/logging/logging_utils.py:136: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "FileHandler", variable has type
"RotatingFileHandler")  [assignment]
                    file_handler = logging.FileHandler(log_file, mode="a",...
                                   ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~...
the_alchemiser/core/ui/cli_formatter.py:189: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    def render_trading_summary(orders_executed: list[dict], console: Conso...
                                                     ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/cli_formatter.py:253: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    def render_account_info(account_info: dict, console: Console | None = ...
                                          ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/cli_formatter.py:318: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "float", variable has type "int")  [assignment]
                total_market_value += market_value
                ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/ui/cli_formatter.py:319: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "float", variable has type "int")  [assignment]
                total_unrealized_pl += unrealized_pl
                ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/ui/cli_formatter.py:381: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        account_info: dict,
                      ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/cli_formatter.py:382: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        current_positions: dict,
                           ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/cli_formatter.py:452: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        sell_orders: list[dict], buy_orders: list[dict], console: Console ...
                          ^
the_alchemiser/core/validation/indicator_validator.py:37: error: Need type
annotation for "results" (hint: "results: list[<type>] = ...")  [var-annotated]
            self.results = []
            ^~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/validation/indicator_validator.py:38: error: Need type
annotation for "performance_stats" (hint:
"performance_stats: dict[<type>, <type>] = ...")  [var-annotated]
            self.performance_stats = {}
            ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/base_klm_variant.py:28: error: Need
type annotation for "performance_history" (hint:
"performance_history: list[<type>] = ...")  [var-annotated]
            self.performance_history = []
            ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/base_klm_variant.py:54: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "list"  [type-arg]
            self, candidates: list, indicators: dict, window: int = 6
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/base_klm_variant.py:54: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, candidates: list, indicators: dict, window: int = 6
                                                ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/base_klm_variant.py:55: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "list"  [type-arg]
        ) -> list:
             ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/base_klm_variant.py:66: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "list"  [type-arg]
    ...def apply_select_bottom_filter(self, candidates: list, count: int = 1)...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/base_klm_variant.py:71: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "list"  [type-arg]
    ...   def apply_select_top_filter(self, candidates: list, count: int = 1)...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/base_klm_variant.py:76: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "list"  [type-arg]
        def apply_rsi_filter(self, candidates: list, indicators: dict, win...
                                               ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/base_klm_variant.py:76: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ...y_rsi_filter(self, candidates: list, indicators: dict, window: int = 1...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/base_klm_variant.py:107: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ..._primary_overbought_conditions(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[str | ...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/base_klm_variant.py:165: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/base_klm_variant.py:189: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def evaluate_bsc_strategy(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[str, st...
                                                    ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/base_klm_variant.py:220: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/base_klm_variant.py:273: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/base_klm_variant.py:281: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ...f log_decision(self, symbol_or_allocation: str | dict, action: str, re...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/base_klm_variant.py:289: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "list"  [type-arg]
        def get_base_required_symbols(self) -> list:
                                               ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/base_klm_variant.py:319: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "list"  [type-arg]
    ...ef create_equal_weight_allocation(self, symbols: list, indicators: dic...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/base_klm_variant.py:319: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ...ight_allocation(self, symbols: list, indicators: dict) -> dict[str, fl...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_nova.py:54: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_nova.py:74: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def _evaluate_bsc_strategy(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[str, s...
                                                     ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_nova.py:96: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_nova.py:124: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_nova.py:132: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_nova.py:173: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ... def _evaluate_ls_rotator_nova(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[str, s...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_nova.py:203: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "list"  [type-arg]
        def get_required_symbols(self) -> list:
                                          ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_830_21.py:52: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_830_21.py:72: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def _evaluate_bsc_strategy(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[str, s...
                                                     ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_830_21.py:94: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_830_21.py:122: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_830_21.py:130: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_830_21.py:168: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def _evaluate_bond_check(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[str, str...
                                                   ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_830_21.py:230: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "list"  [type-arg]
        def get_required_symbols(self) -> list:
                                          ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:100: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def _evaluate_spy_scale_in(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[dict[s...
                                                     ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:130: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def _evaluate_ioo_scale_in(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[dict[s...
                                                     ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:158: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def _evaluate_qqq_scale_in(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[dict[s...
                                                     ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:186: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def _evaluate_vtv_scale_in(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[dict[s...
                                                     ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:214: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def _evaluate_xlp_scale_in(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[dict[s...
                                                     ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:242: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def _evaluate_xlf_scale_in(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[dict[s...
                                                     ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:270: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ...   def _evaluate_retl_scale_in(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[dict[s...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:299: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:338: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:380: error:
Incompatible types in assignment (expression has type
"tuple[str | dict[str, float], str, str]", variable has type
"tuple[dict[str, float], str, str]")  [assignment]
                    result = self._evaluate_holy_grail_pop_bot(indicators)
                             ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:389: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:409: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:455: error:
Incompatible types in assignment (expression has type "tuple[str, str, str]",
variable has type "tuple[dict[str, float], str, str]")  [assignment]
                            result = (
                                     ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:461: error:
Incompatible types in assignment (expression has type "tuple[str, str, str]",
variable has type "tuple[dict[str, float], str, str]")  [assignment]
                        result = ("FNGU", ActionType.BUY.value, "KMLM Swit...
                                 ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~...
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:464: error:
Incompatible types in assignment (expression has type "tuple[str, str, str]",
variable has type "tuple[dict[str, float], str, str]")  [assignment]
                    result = (
                             ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:491: error:
Incompatible types in assignment (expression has type "tuple[str, str, str]",
variable has type "tuple[dict[str, float], str, str]")  [assignment]
                    result = (
                             ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:498: error:
Incompatible types in assignment (expression has type "tuple[str, str, str]",
variable has type "tuple[dict[str, float], str, str]")  [assignment]
                    result = ("KMLM", ActionType.BUY.value, "L/S Rotator: ...
                             ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~...
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:503: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "list"  [type-arg]
        def get_required_symbols(self) -> list:
                                          ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_530_18.py:550: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_520_22.py:52: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_520_22.py:72: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def _evaluate_bsc_strategy(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[str, s...
                                                     ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_520_22.py:94: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_520_22.py:122: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_520_22.py:130: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_520_22.py:168: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ...  def _evaluate_ls_rotator_520(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[str, s...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_520_22.py:201: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "list"  [type-arg]
        def get_required_symbols(self) -> list:
                                          ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_506_38.py:60: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_506_38.py:81: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def _evaluate_bsc_strategy(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[str, s...
                                                     ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_506_38.py:112: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_506_38.py:166: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_506_38.py:195: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_506_38.py:240: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "list"  [type-arg]
        def get_required_symbols(self) -> list:
                                          ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_1280_26.py:59: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_1280_26.py:95: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_1280_26.py:103: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_1280_26.py:136: error:
Incompatible types in assignment (expression has type "tuple[str, str, str]",
variable has type "tuple[dict[str, float], str, str]")  [assignment]
                        result = (
                                 ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_1280_26.py:143: error:
Incompatible types in assignment (expression has type "tuple[str, str, str]",
variable has type "tuple[dict[str, float], str, str]")  [assignment]
                        result = (
                                 ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_1280_26.py:155: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ... def _evaluate_ls_rotator_1280(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[str, s...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_1280_26.py:185: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "list"  [type-arg]
        def get_required_symbols(self) -> list:
                                          ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_1200_28.py:50: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_1200_28.py:70: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def _evaluate_bsc_strategy(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[str, s...
                                                     ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_1200_28.py:92: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_1200_28.py:120: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_1200_28.py:128: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, indicators: dict
                              ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_1200_28.py:166: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ... def _evaluate_ls_rotator_1200(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[str, s...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_1200_28.py:193: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "list"  [type-arg]
        def get_required_symbols(self) -> list:
                                          ^
the_alchemiser/core/secrets/secrets_manager.py:50: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def get_secret(self, secret_name: str) -> dict | None:
                                                  ^
the_alchemiser/core/secrets/secrets_manager.py:67: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "dict[Any, Any] | None", variable has type
"None")  [assignment]
                self._secrets_cache = self._get_secret_from_env()
                                      ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/secrets/secrets_manager.py:91: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "dict[Any, Any] | None", variable has type
"None")  [assignment]
                self._secrets_cache = self._get_secret_from_env()
                                      ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/secrets/secrets_manager.py:96: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "dict[Any, Any] | None", variable has type
"None")  [assignment]
                self._secrets_cache = self._get_secret_from_env()
                                      ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/secrets/secrets_manager.py:99: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def _get_secret_from_env(self) -> dict | None:
                                          ^
the_alchemiser/core/secrets/secrets_manager.py:127: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "tuple"  [type-arg]
        def get_alpaca_keys(self, paper_trading: bool = True) -> tuple:
                                                                 ^
the_alchemiser/core/secrets/secrets_manager.py:167: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "tuple"  [type-arg]
        def get_telegram_config(self) -> tuple:
                                         ^
the_alchemiser/core/secrets/secrets_manager.py:222: error: Returning Any from
function declared to return "str | None"  [no-any-return]
                return api_key
                ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/config.py:28: error: Returning Any from function
declared to return "tuple[str, int, str, str, str] | None"  [no-any-return]
                return self._config_cache
                ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_workers/variant_410_38.py:29: error: Missing
type parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ...f _evaluate_long_short_rotator(self, indicators: dict) -> tuple[str, s...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/utils/limit_order_handler.py:100: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "tuple"  [type-arg]
        ) -> tuple:
             ^
the_alchemiser/core/ui/email/client.py:35: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "tuple"  [type-arg]
            attachments: list[tuple] | None = None,
                              ^
the_alchemiser/utils/websocket_order_monitor.py:240: error: Returning Any from
function declared to return "dict[str, str]"  [no-any-return]
                return self._use_existing_websocket(on_update, remaining, ...
                ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~...
the_alchemiser/utils/websocket_order_monitor.py:243: error: Returning Any from
function declared to return "dict[str, str]"  [no-any-return]
            return self._create_new_websocket(
            ^
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:197: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "datetime", target has type "int | None") 
[assignment]
                        self._stats["last_heartbeat"] = datetime.now()
                                                        ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:202: error: Unsupported operand
types for + ("None" and "int")  [operator]
                    self._stats["connection_errors"] += 1
                    ^
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:202: note: Left operand is of type "int | None"
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:242: error: Unsupported operand
types for + ("None" and "int")  [operator]
                    self._stats["quotes_received"] += 1
                    ^
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:242: note: Left operand is of type "int | None"
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:245: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "datetime", target has type "int | None") 
[assignment]
                self._stats["last_heartbeat"] = datetime.now()
                                                ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:298: error: Unsupported operand
types for + ("None" and "int")  [operator]
                    self._stats["trades_received"] += 1
                    ^
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:298: note: Left operand is of type "int | None"
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:301: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "datetime", target has type "int | None") 
[assignment]
                self._stats["last_heartbeat"] = datetime.now()
                                                ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:411: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def get_stats(self) -> dict:
                               ^
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:418: error: No overload variant
of "__sub__" of "datetime" matches argument type "int"  [operator]
                    (datetime.now() - self._stats["last_heartbeat"]).total...
                     ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:418: note: Possible overload variants:
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:418: note:     def __sub__(self, datetime, /) -> timedelta
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:418: note:     def __sub__(self, timedelta, /) -> datetime
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:453: error: Unsupported operand
types for + ("None" and "int")  [operator]
                        self._stats["subscription_limit_hits"] += 1
                        ^
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:453: note: Left operand is of type "int | None"
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:598: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "Callable"  [type-arg]
            self._fallback_provider: Callable | None = None
                                     ^
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:634: error: Returning Any from
function declared to return "float | None"  [no-any-return]
                return self._fallback_provider(symbol)
                ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:685: error: Returning Any from
function declared to return "float | None"  [no-any-return]
                return self._fallback_provider(symbol)
                ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/data/real_time_pricing.py:693: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def get_stats(self) -> dict:
                               ^
the_alchemiser/core/data/data_provider.py:553: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "float", variable has type "int")  [assignment]
                            position_qty += qty
                            ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/data/data_provider.py:554: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "float", variable has type "int")  [assignment]
                            total_cost += qty * price
                            ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/data/data_provider.py:559: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "float", variable has type "int")  [assignment]
                            realized_pnl += sale_pnl
                            ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/data/data_provider.py:562: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "float", variable has type "int")  [assignment]
                            total_sold_cost_basis += qty * avg_cost
                            ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/data/data_provider.py:565: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "float", variable has type "int")  [assignment]
                            position_qty -= qty
                            ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/data/data_provider.py:572: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "float | int", variable has type "int") 
[assignment]
                                total_cost = position_qty * avg_cost
                                             ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/execution/alpaca_client.py:117: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def get_pending_orders(self) -> list[dict]:
                                             ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/klm_ensemble_engine.py:285: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "tuple"  [type-arg]
            all_variant_results: list[tuple],
                                      ^
the_alchemiser/execution/smart_execution.py:82: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "tuple"  [type-arg]
        def get_latest_quote(self, symbol: str) -> tuple:
                                                   ^
the_alchemiser/execution/smart_execution.py:87: error: Name "TradingClient"
already defined (possibly by an import)  [no-redef]
    class TradingClient(Protocol):
    ^
the_alchemiser/execution/smart_execution.py:305: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, sell_orders: list[dict], max_wait_time: int = 60, poll_i...
                                    ^
the_alchemiser/execution/smart_execution.py:331: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "Order | dict[str, Any]", variable has type
"dict[Any, Any]")  [assignment]
                    order = self._order_executor.trading_client.get_order_...
                            ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~...
the_alchemiser/backtest/data_loader.py:406: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def get_cache_stats(self) -> dict:
                                     ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/strategy_manager.py:44: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def to_dict(self) -> dict:
                             ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/strategy_manager.py:54: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def from_dict(cls, data: dict) -> "StrategyPosition":
                                 ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/strategy_manager.py:147: error: Need type
annotation for "consolidated_portfolio" (hint:
"consolidated_portfolio: dict[<type>, <type>] = ...")  [var-annotated]
            consolidated_portfolio = {}
            ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/trading/strategy_manager.py:148: error: Need type
annotation for "strategy_attribution" (hint:
"strategy_attribution: dict[<type>, <type>] = ...")  [var-annotated]
            strategy_attribution = {}
            ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/trading/strategy_manager.py:201: error: Invalid index type
"Literal[StrategyType.TECL]" for
"dict[Literal[StrategyType.NUCLEAR], dict[str, Any]]"; expected type
"Literal[StrategyType.NUCLEAR]"  [index]
                        strategy_signals[strategy_type] = {
                                         ^~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/trading/strategy_manager.py:213: error: Invalid index type
"Literal[StrategyType.KLM]" for
"dict[Literal[StrategyType.NUCLEAR], dict[str, Any]]"; expected type
"Literal[StrategyType.NUCLEAR]"  [index]
                        strategy_signals[strategy_type] = {
                                         ^~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/trading/strategy_manager.py:228: error: Invalid index type
"StrategyType" for "dict[Literal[StrategyType.NUCLEAR], dict[str, Any]]";
expected type "Literal[StrategyType.NUCLEAR]"  [index]
                    strategy_signals[strategy_type] = {
                                     ^~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/trading/strategy_manager.py:317: error: Incompatible return
value type (got
"tuple[dict[Literal[StrategyType.NUCLEAR], dict[str, Any]], dict[Any, Any], dict[Any, Any]]",
expected
"tuple[dict[StrategyType, Any], dict[str, float], dict[str, list[StrategyType]]]")
 [return-value]
            return strategy_signals, consolidated_portfolio, strategy_attr...
                   ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~...
the_alchemiser/core/trading/strategy_manager.py:319: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ..._nuclear_portfolio_allocation(self, signal_data: dict) -> dict[str, fl...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/strategy_manager.py:375: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, signal_data: dict, strategy_type: StrategyType
                               ^
the_alchemiser/core/trading/strategy_manager.py:405: error: Need type
annotation for "new_positions"  [var-annotated]
                new_positions = {strategy: [] for strategy in StrategyType...
                                ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/trading/strategy_manager.py:438: error: Need type
annotation for "positions"  [var-annotated]
            positions = {strategy: [] for strategy in StrategyType}
                        ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/core/trading/strategy_manager.py:460: error: Unsupported target
for indexed assignment ("Collection[str]")  [index]
                summary["strategies"][strategy_type.value] = strategy_summ...
                ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/tracking/strategy_order_tracker.py:487: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def _apply_order_history_limit(self, data: dict) -> None:
                                                   ^
the_alchemiser/tracking/strategy_order_tracker.py:530: error: Need type
annotation for "summary"  [var-annotated]
                summary = {
                          ^
the_alchemiser/tracking/strategy_order_tracker.py:538: error: Unsupported
target for indexed assignment ("dict[Any, Any] | float | Literal[0]")  [index]
                    summary["strategies"][strategy.value] = {
                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/execution/types.py:27: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        orders_executed: list[dict]
                              ^
the_alchemiser/execution/types.py:28: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        account_info_before: dict
                             ^
the_alchemiser/execution/types.py:29: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        account_info_after: dict
                            ^
the_alchemiser/execution/types.py:30: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        execution_summary: dict
                           ^
the_alchemiser/execution/types.py:31: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        final_portfolio_state: dict | None = None
                               ^
the_alchemiser/backtest/engine.py:568: error: "MultiStrategyManager" has no
attribute "nuclear_engine"  [attr-defined]
                        manager.nuclear_engine.all_symbols
                        ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/backtest/engine.py:569: error: "MultiStrategyManager" has no
attribute "tecl_engine"  [attr-defined]
                        + manager.tecl_engine.all_symbols
                          ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/backtest/engine.py:702: error: Returning Any from function
declared to return "bool"  [no-any-return]
                    return date.day == deposit_day
                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/backtest/engine.py:704: error: Returning Any from function
declared to return "bool"  [no-any-return]
                    return date.weekday() == (deposit_day - 1) % 7  # Conv...
                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
the_alchemiser/utils/portfolio_pnl_utils.py:60: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ...ef extract_trading_summary(orders_executed: list[dict]) -> dict[str, A...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/utils/portfolio_pnl_utils.py:99: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        strategy_signals: dict, strategy_allocations: dict, all_strategy_p...
                          ^
the_alchemiser/execution/portfolio_rebalancer.py:52: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        ) -> list[dict]:
                  ^
the_alchemiser/execution/portfolio_rebalancer.py:64: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            orders_executed: list[dict] = []
                                  ^
the_alchemiser/execution/portfolio_rebalancer.py:90: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            sell_plans: list[dict] = []
                             ^
the_alchemiser/execution/portfolio_rebalancer.py:232: error: Missing type
parameters for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            buy_plans: list[dict] = []
                            ^
the_alchemiser/backtest/cli.py:210: error: Missing type parameters for generic
type "list"  [type-arg]
        def display_results_table(self, results: list, title: str = "Backt...
                                                 ^
the_alchemiser/execution/reporting.py:11: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        orders_executed: list[dict],
                              ^
the_alchemiser/execution/reporting.py:12: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        account_before: dict,
                        ^
the_alchemiser/execution/reporting.py:13: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        account_after: dict,
                       ^
the_alchemiser/execution/reporting.py:14: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ) -> dict:
         ^
the_alchemiser/execution/reporting.py:102: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        account_info: dict,
                      ^
the_alchemiser/execution/reporting.py:103: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        current_positions: dict,
                           ^
the_alchemiser/execution/reporting.py:104: error: Missing type parameters for
generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ) -> dict:
         ^
the_alchemiser/execution/trading_engine.py:41: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def get_account_info(self) -> dict:
                                      ^
the_alchemiser/execution/trading_engine.py:49: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def get_positions_dict(self) -> dict[str, dict]:
                                                  ^
the_alchemiser/execution/trading_engine.py:73: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        ) -> list[dict]:
                  ^
the_alchemiser/execution/trading_engine.py:176: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def get_account_info(self) -> dict:
                                      ^
the_alchemiser/execution/trading_engine.py:211: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def get_positions(self) -> dict:
                                   ^
the_alchemiser/execution/trading_engine.py:302: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
            self, sell_orders: list[dict], max_wait_time: int = 60, poll_i...
                                    ^
the_alchemiser/execution/trading_engine.py:348: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        ) -> list[dict]:
                  ^
the_alchemiser/execution/trading_engine.py:397: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        ) -> dict:
             ^
the_alchemiser/execution/trading_engine.py:489: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def _archive_daily_strategy_pnl(self, pnl_summary: dict) -> None:
                                                           ^
the_alchemiser/execution/trading_engine.py:508: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        def get_multi_strategy_performance_report(self) -> dict:
                                                           ^
the_alchemiser/execution/trading_engine.py:526: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ...arget_portfolio: dict[str, float], account_info: dict, current_positio...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/execution/trading_engine.py:527: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
        ) -> dict:
             ^
the_alchemiser/execution/trading_engine.py:532: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ...strategy_signals: dict[StrategyType, Any], orders_executed: list[dict]
                                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/execution/trading_engine.py:591: error: Missing type parameters
for generic type "dict"  [type-arg]
    ...arget_portfolio: dict[str, float], account_info: dict, current_positio...
                                                        ^
the_alchemiser/execution/trading_engine.py:692: error: Incompatible types in
assignment (expression has type "Panel", variable has type "Table") 
[assignment]
                orders_table = Panel(
                               ^
the_alchemiser/main.py:69: error: Missing type parameters for generic type
"tuple"  [type-arg]
    def generate_multi_strategy_signals(settings: Settings) -> tuple:
                                                               ^
the_alchemiser/main.py:447: error: Incompatible types in assignment (expression
has type "bool | str", variable has type "bool")  [assignment]
                    success = result
                              ^~~~~~
Found 233 errors in 48 files (checked 98 source files)
